>> Steve Kinney: One thing though that
I have slight problem with is that
there's no way to ever clear out
this database right now, right?
And yeah sure, they write limits and
all sorts of stuff like that.
Absolutely, and I'll leave that all
up as an exercise to the reader.
But at the very least it'd be cool
to be able to either update or
remove a clipping.
Let's go ahead and
we'll add a remove button.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool so
in the clipping, add another button,
>> Steve Kinney: Just make sure I can
remember my own CSS.
So now I can hover it and
I see this fancy remove button.
And we'll go ahead and
say this time we're gonna
start passing in the ID as well so
we can do stuff in the clipping itself.
So we'll say ID, clipping.id.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and we'll go ahead and
we can actually even put it up here.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll actually give it a,
>> Steve Kinney: onRemove we'll say
database.where id is that
current id, delete it.
>> Steve Kinney: I could break
that out into its own thing,
but let's make sure it works first.
So we'll say say, onRemove,
>> Steve Kinney: When I click that button,
>> Steve Kinney: I'll say on remove id.
>> Steve Kinney: Clippings.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's
give ourselves one here.
We'll say const remove.
>> Steve Kinney: Make sure it's getting
called, and then we'll go ahead and
say yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I think you removed it,
you just didn't refresh the-
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: That should
have done the, it's the,
with the arrow function,
it's probably bound wrong.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's go ahead,
let me grab this and say.
>> Steve Kinney: Because I can't spell.
There we go, missing the i in clippings.
So, if you miss it on the object
that is undefined and
React doesn't call
undefined as a function.
>> Steve Kinney: So spelling is
important is what we all learned
together as a group.